~~~December-23-2025~~~ (When I have 2 years and 6 months of Experince )

--- Technical Discussion 1 ---
1. Project Explianation
2. what skills i have
3. ACID principles
4. Normalization
5. Constructors 
6. Polymorphisim 
7. Types of Trees
8. DFS vs BFS
9. Trees Traversal
10. REST API
11. DeadLocks in SQL
12. Types of Cahes in SQL
13. Product of the array expect self (DSA)
14. Order of SQL Execution
15. Explian group by and aggregate funstions
16. Two SQL Querry 
  1. return the name with nuber of times the name appers in another table --> Group by and Agg functions
  2. A table having the Deposit and Withdrawn details we need to return the data of the each person having balance on the everydate ---> Sub querry with group by

Result: Feedback was good moved to the next Round

--- Technical Discussion 2 ---
1. Explian your Current Project
2. they picked a module and Wanted me to explian the Full Flow of the one module I explianed from the Role based access , Requirements , Project Structure
3. Asked to Design the API endpoints , request structure , response structure for a cab booking application in the notes 
4. Diffrence between == & .equals explian detail with usecases
5. implement Binary Search Code explain detail
6. Design a Database for a form Creation (eg: survey monkey forms, Google forms, zoho forms)
7. Discussed about the table Relationships between other tables and the usecases
8. Puzzle two jars and have fill another jar for a particullar number -> jar 1 have 3 Liters capacity Jar 2 have 4 liters Capacity end goal was to fill 5 Liters

Result: Feedback was good and moved to the next Round

--- Technical Discussion 3 ---

1. String vs string buffer vs String Builder
2. Pattern Printing
3. Print the vowels in the Array 
4. Clock wise matrix Traversal
5.Design a DB for customers , products and billing details for a super market
6. write a querry for finding the customers who buyed the biscuts
7. What is DB transations
8. Aptitude Question : A trian is moving in 90 km/hr speed for 10 minutes how long it will go ?

Result: Feedback was good and moved to the HR round



~~~june-30-2025~~~ (When I have 1 years 11 months of Exp)

1) Discussed about the project and custumers.
2) why your company using the cab booking application
3) Purchase module what it actually does 
4) what you worked most 
5) List the features you implemented fully
6) Who implemented the streams
7) How Bulk user Upload works
8) why you leaving current org in less that 2YOE
9) why zoho.
10) There is array and a value k you need to pick any one subarray 
    and do some addition/subtraction you need to maximize the array value as k.
    but only one subarray you neeed to choose.

11) There are two tables serviceDetails , ServiceAvailability .
    [ServiceDetails]       [ServiceAvailability]             
    ID  (Primary Key)      ID (Primary Key)
    Name                   serviceDetailId (Foreign key)
                           AvailabilityDate 
   Service Availability have redundant data need to Identify the Newest service
   started from july one that  not occured or happened before july

Result: Rejected after the First Technical Discussion & Feedbacks was mixed
Reflextion: Messed up about my projected Expliantion that initially give the bad impression. project Explianation Should be in structured way.

~~~September-16-2024~~~ ( when I have Less than 1 YOE experience)

Tell me about your work experience 

1) tell the Status codes you know apart from 400 and 500
2) Diffrent between 503 vs 504
3) what is Jdbc
4) what is Shell scripting
5) what you know about Low level design
6) Api design :- design an api for a Cab booking Application getting the status of availability
7) Why json have a outer array when creating an api( It was follow up question for the previously wrong given answer) 
8) Why auth token is set in headers
9) Rest API
10) Have you worked in GraphQl 
11) Authentication vs Authorization
12) Inheritance
13) How Java compiler works 
14) why Java have .Java extension
15) lets discuss about Queue, LinkedIn list , array list , stack , map , set

Result : Feedback was good,  profile moved to the another team after the interview they mentioned profile not matched with current team. next team Rejected me 
